# Fennario Scenario

## Aarons Fen 

Aarons fen is located in the low foot hills of a mountain range.  Its
an idyllic community of about 100 people mostly removed from the
concerns of the outer world.  There is a semi abandoned diamond mine
in the mountains north of the city. the city is surrounded on the other 
three sides by fens, with the only road in an out of town running east 
and west along the foot hills.

## Plot

Wil Elm, a warg ursomancer, has come down to claim his tribute of a
bride from the people of Aarons Fen.  He has choosen Jackson Stones
one true love Peggy O'Connor.  Jackson and Peggy have been in love
forever, but now he must venture forth into Fennario to find and save
her from Wil Elm.

In a sense Wil Elm is repeating the demands of the Wargs during the
Warg war.  Practically he is probably just a local Warg who heard 
tales of the war and wants a piece for himself.

Wil raids Aarons Fen and kidnaps Peggy while most of the village is 
fending off ravenous, raging bears.  There are obvious warg and bear 
tracks entering then leaving from the road leading to the west.

### Around town

Everyone is busy rebuilding and will try to constantly put Jackson 
off if he is not persistent.  

### On the trail

The trails forks in every direction after rounding the foothills.  The
most obvious tracks dispersing into the woods, thought there seems to
be crushed reads that indicate a boat landing from the fens to the
south.  There are also plenty of bear tracks leading into the
mountains.  A small yurt can be seen on the edge of the woods up in
the foothills by someone with sufficient tracking skills or eyesight.
This and the mine are good places to find the beggar

### When Peggy is found

She is under the spell of the Warg and must be roused back to her true
love.  A diamond for a wedding ring, her favorite hair brush and
memories of their previous dates / love can all help.

## World Lore

### Abandoned Diamond Mine

Its not discussed why (other than that the owners are super rich), but
the towns only diamond mine has been closed since nigh 20 years past.

Secretly there were rumors of a "bear skinned ghost" taking up
residence.  This is really just Usher Cramitz on a bender and dressed
in his Warg war uniform (only Usher and perhaps Willow know this).
However, this and a minor shaft collapse largely shutdown the mine.

Peggy and Jackson have had secret dates here before.  Might have seen
a large diamond sticking out a wall before a minor collapse (or
something similar)

### Warg War and Ursomancers

For 20 years, 20 years ago the wargs decended from their wild places
to make demands of the people living "in their hunting grounds".  One
of the demands was brides so that their race could produce more
powerful magics. Also tasty home cooked meals.

This war largely passed Aarons Fen because of its secluded location,
but now it seems that Wil Elm is trying to restart the warg war right
here and now.

### Ursomancy

A cunning use of bear related magics specialized in by warg ursomancers.

 * Winters fur - grants slower movement and better cold resist

 * Hibernate - raises defence, lowers food needs, make sleep

 * Call/Disperse all bears - Call nearby bears to the aid of the ursomancer

 * Ravaging Claws - nearby bears attack viciously in a "protecting the
   cubs" rage

 * Food Compulsion - Nearby bears have the strong impression food is
   hiding behind or in something

### Pigators 

 * Half way between a pig and an alligator, with the loyalty and
   friendliness of a trained attack dogs.  They have an incredible
   sense of smell, and can be single minded once tracking.

## Dramatis Personae

 * Wil Elm - A vicious warg ursomancer who kidnapped Peggy to make her
   his bride at the coming full moon hunt (1 week after).  This giant 
   wolf like beast mances bears and is looking for love in all the 
   wrong species.

 * Peggy O'Connor - A young lass kidnapped by the viscious warg
   ursomancer Wil Elm.  Considered by jackson to be the prettiest girl 
   in the whole world.

 * Jackson Stone - A young farm lad who has been in love with Peggy his 
   whole life.  Very physically fit and smarter than most people know.  
   Howevery he has basically no weapon training other than his trusty hoe.

 * Precious : Jacksons loyal pet pigator. The largest and most vicious of
   all the pigators on the Jackson farm.  Pretty smart for a pigator but
   dont expect thoughtful conversation.  Big enough to ride when in the fens,
   but slow and not worth it on dry land.

 * Big Jim and Rosemary O'Connor - Big Jim is the towns mayor and
   ownes the towns old diamond mine, but no longer works it because he
   is the "big cheese" already.  He and Rosemary disapprove of Peggy and 
   Jackson's romance because he is a poor farmer, and they are the 
   wealthiest family around. Perhaps this is Jacksons chance to prove 
   himself to them?

 * Usher Cramitz - A blind beggar (who it can be discovered, is a Warg
   War vet, blinded by bear claws).  Very private and prone to
   flashbacks.  Has has a pendant that (if you can get him to talk
   about it) has the potential to protect against ursomancy (Food is
   never behind or inside of the wearer, and the wearer is never
   endangering the cubs).  A bit of a surly drunk now, he his mostly
   ignored as a lunatic by the good fen folk.  Hard to find has a yurt
   in the foothills and hides in the mine when his flashbacks are bad.

 * Willow Broomshoot - A local crone who provides medicine and wisdom to 
   those in need. Genial but distant and pretty odd. Trusted by everyone
   but loved by few.  She lives in a shack on the far south side of town

 * Stone Family - A large family that works one of the local farms.  They 
   raise pigators and rice. The pigators help guard the rice farm.
  * Alex and Lexis - Dad and Mom

 * Genson Ginman - The local brewer distiller specializing in rice wines
   long time friend and purchaser of Stone Family Rice.  He might have 
   a couple barrels of spoiled rice booze if asked the right way.

 * Mr. Harrison - Genial but greedy local innkeep

 * Mr & Mrs Mustard - Geezers who are always offing seemingly inapplicable 
   advice.  The towns oldest citizens they often tell tall tales that make 
   little sense today. (One tells of bear skinned covered ghost in the old 
   mines from back when Mr. Mustard went too deep one day)

 * Eddie - Jacksons best friend from the farm next door.  Always helping get
   Jackson into and out of trouble. Constantly teases Jackson about his 
   unrequitable Peggy love

 * Jeremy Grimble - The dark "edgy" orphan kid in town.  Often dresses
   in dark colors and has been seen to sit in dark corners, smoking,
   with eyes cast down.  Works odd jobs for the local butcher. (Shifty,
   and good with knives).
 
 * Brandon Burger -  The town butcher, specializing in pigator mignon.
   Has access to lots of sharp objects.

 * Jenny Fieldner - One of the towns primary hunters.  Had just gotten
   back to town when the bears attacked.  A hard bitten women with a
   reputation for her appetites and fierce attitude.  Close "friends"
   with Gensom Ginman whenever shes not a field or a fen.  Best 
   townsperson with tracking, hunting and woodsman skills.

 * Jeckle Ketch - The towns largest lumber man.  Has an axe that is as 
   tall as he is.  Really busy cutting wood for repairs and new defenses

 * Judge Sherrif Quimby - Big Jims right hand man, and the law in
   these parts was sleeping off a bender in his own drunk tank when
   the bears attacked.  Locked himself in to "protect the prisoners".
   

## Item Suggestions 

### Mine Items 
 * Pick Axe
 * Box of unstable dynamite and lengths of fuse
 * Shovels
 * A Diamond (perhaps for a ring)

### Kitchen Items
 * Knives and other utensils, pots and pans
 * Table Wine
 * Seasonings and foods
 * Matches

### Hunting Items
 * line for traps / snares
 * Bow and arrows
 * flint 
 * sling and stones

### Farm items
 * Hoes, shovels etc

### People Items
 * War Vets Ammulet (see Usher Cramitz)
 * Peggy's Favorite Hair Brush (found while tracking Wil Elm)
 * Hunters bear piss - you too can smell like a bear pissed on you
 * Crones herb bag - Maybe these will heal you or maybe they 
   will make you see funny colors, only one way to find out
 * Barrel of Grog, (see Gensom Ginman)


